This file is for myself to avoid confusion and conflicts, making single mistake twice while coding.

This project helps to sell or to rent books around the Uzbekistan based on sellers' location.
Because of delivery issues, buyers and sellers will be from one region. What does it mean?
For example, if seller is registered from Tashkent, the seller's books are only available for those who are 
in Tashkent.

However, I will try to add new features new steps but this is the only way to start the project.

In this project, only sellers are registered not buyers. We only collect buyers' informations and comments for 
statistics.

1-step. 
    Registeration

If someone wants to sell or rent their books, they should get registered. How can they do this?
When they enter our webpage, a model will be opened to get their location to show available books.
On the top right corner of the main page, will be a button to post someone's available books called 
"POST BOOK"

When button is pressed, registerd part is opened and the user should fill the form. If the user is already registered
the user should log in.

After filling the form, the user should do email verification to make sure this is a person.
If process of email verification is completed, i am not sure that the user should refresh the side or the process
may be automatically.

New form for book's info to get full information about the book.

Then, the book will be posted to be seen to all in the same location.
Token is stored on runtime variable. If the user close the tab token is cleaned (using page visibility api
to notice the action)


BUG: while inserting data to database if some values are invalid thrown error can not be handle to 
show the user. They are handled as an internal server error. Gotta fix it

2-step
    LOGIN

3-step
    POST BOOKS
After successfully registering and verifing the email, the user will be able to post his/her book by filling the
form. First thing is to know is that the book is for what (renting or selling which will be needed later 
for filter to get rent books or vise verse)

    !!IMPORTANT:
        Next realease restore deleted books feature will be implemented

    GETTING Book:
        1. for the main page books are fetched by location id
        2. for the personal cabinet books are fetched by user id
    
    DELETE Book:
        1. book is deleted by book id

4-step
    Orders
If someone wants to get a book, the main task is to check the availability of the book. Getter 
can get the book when the book is available. Getter should say the type of the goal(rent/buy)
    1. If the goal is to buy, fill the form to send to the owner. When the owner is approved 
    the request, that book's availability will be removed(make it unavailable to all) and remove that 
    book.
    2. If the goal is to rent, getter should fill the form to send to the owner. It is also the similar
    to buying the book, but the getter should say returning date. So, that book will be unavailable 
    untill that returning  date(doing this by timeout methods)
    
    !!!! If the book is got as a rent, that book will be blur and at the bottom of that book will be 
    warting to say when that book would be available again.


    Problems:
        If the request is sent, but the owner reject the order what should be done?
        If the owner approve but dont send the book to a person?
        if the owner send the book that person, but person would not send the book back?
        if the getter send the book back to the owner, but the owner compliant (not get the book)?
    Solution:
        1. Should make contract with the post office. when the user or the owner send the book, 
        post office officer will be responsible to get the book from those and will fill form
        about recieving the book. So noone will cheat each other.

        2. If the users' data should be kept secret, call-center should be orginized, to get
        compliants and make contact with the owner or the getter to solve the issue

        !IMPORTANT! ----> This feature will be available next realeses according to the number of 
        web site users

    !! VALIDATION !!
        getter may enter wrong or not working phone number. at next release sending specific 
        verifying code to the number to know the phone number is valid or not.